## Bluffmaster: A Bollywood Crime Comedy with a Twist

  
# Bluffmaster: A Bollywood Crime Comedy with a Twist
 
Bluffmaster is a 2005 Hindi-language film directed by Rohan Sippy and starring Abhishek Bachchan, Riteish Deshmukh, Priyanka Chopra, Boman Irani and Nana Patekar. It is an adaptation of the 2000 Argentine film Nine Queens. [^5^]
 
## Bluffmaster movie hindi dubbed download 720p hd


[**Download**](https://sormindpestna.blogspot.com/?download=2tKbOn)

 
The film follows Roy Kapoor (Bachchan), a conman who gets dumped by his girlfriend Simi (Chopra) when she discovers his true identity. Roy then finds out that he has a brain tumor and only three months to live. He decides to do some good before he dies by helping his apprentice Dittu (Deshmukh) con a ruthless mobster Chandru (Patekar) who had cheated Dittu's father and many others. However, things don't go as planned and Roy has to face some unexpected twists and turns.
 
Bluffmaster is a film that combines humor, drama, romance and suspense in a clever and entertaining way. The film has a catchy soundtrack composed by Vishal-Shekhar, Trickbaby and Sameeruddin, featuring songs like "Right Here Right Now", "Sabse Bada Rupaiya" and "Say Na Say Na". The film also has some cameo appearances by Sujoy Ghosh, Carol Gracias and Abhishek's father Amitabh Bachchan.
 
Bluffmaster was released on 16 December 2005 and received mixed reviews from critics. The film was praised for its performances, especially by Bachchan and Patekar, its stylish direction and its witty dialogues. However, some critics felt that the film was too inspired by Hollywood films like Matchstick Men and The Sting, and that it lacked originality and depth. The film was a box office success, becoming a semi-hit and the 13th highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2005. [^3^]
 
If you are looking for a fun and engaging Bollywood film with a twist, you can watch Bluffmaster online in HD on Disney+ Hotstar [^1^] or download it from HDHub4u [^2^]. You can also listen to the Bluffmaster movie hindi dubbed version on SoundCloud [^3^].
  
Bluffmaster has received mixed reviews from critics and audiences alike. Some have praised the film for its witty dialogues, stylish direction, catchy soundtrack and stellar performances by Bachchan and Patekar. Others have criticized the film for being too inspired by Hollywood films, lacking originality and depth, and having a weak climax. The film has a rating of 6.6 out of 10 on IMDb  and 50% on Rotten Tomatoes [^2^].
 
Bluffmaster is a film that appeals to the urban and young audience who enjoy a fast-paced and fun-filled ride. The film has some memorable scenes and dialogues that will make you laugh and think. The film also has some emotional moments that will touch your heart. The film is not meant to be taken too seriously or to be analyzed too deeply. It is a film that celebrates the art of bluffing and the joy of living in the moment.
 
Bluffmaster is a film that you can watch with your friends and family and have a good time. It is a film that will make you smile, laugh, cry and cheer. It is a film that will make you appreciate the value of honesty, friendship and love. It is a film that will make you realize that sometimes life is nothing but a bluff.
 0f148eb4a0
